Opulence Net Worth Tracker Privacy Policy

At Opulence Net Worth Tracker (ONWT), accessible via the Google Play store, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains the types of information that is collected and recorded by ONWT and how we store and use it.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Google Play store based ONWT application activities and is valid for visitors of our app with regards to the information that they shared and/or was collected by the ONWT. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.

1. The Types of Information we Utilize and Collect
1.1	Information You Provide
When You use the ONWT application to calculate Your net worth, we ask You to provide certain personal information consisting of the following:
•	an approximate user age to provide greater accuracy with comparative net worth results
•	financial figures for all individual questions found in the assets and liabilities sections of the app
Users have complete control over the type(s) of information they would like to provide and the accuracy of such information while not impacting the performance of the application, albeit the financial insights generated by the ONWT application may have limited usability, application and/or accuracy if the user withholds or inputs inaccurate data.
Willingly providing this data to the application signals Your consent to allow ONWT to store and utilize the data provided for the purposes of all activities pertaining to net worth calculation and data analysis.

1.2	Information we Collect
When You use the ONWT Google Play application to calculate your net worth, we collect only the given information You willingly provided from the above section (1.1). No additional information is collected pertaining to Your personal information nor is any device information collected. No special permissions of any kind (such as requesting location or file access) are invoked or used anywhere in the life of the application.




Please scroll to the next page to continue accessing the privacy policy 
2. How do we use the Information Collected?
The information ONWT collects through Your providing of it is used explicitly for the following purposes:
2.1	Your approximate age
The approximate age You choose to disclose, if any, is used to better tailor Your financial net worth results to an accurate comparison model to best determine where Your net worth standing is in relation to the median net worth of others in the same age category as the user selected. This allows the application to provide the user with more accurate financial insights based on the age selection the user input while maintaining both privacy and flexibility to allow for seamless changes in user age selection.

2.2	Your financial figures
The financial figures for any of the questions You choose to disclose, if any, are used only for calculating Your total net worth. Upon calculating the net worth based on the data You provided, median net worth data for the age group You selected, if any, is compared against Your own net worth for comparative purposes to produce an accurate financial insight.

3. How do we Store and Share the Information we Collected?
3.1	How we Store the Information we Collected
The data You choose to share with the ONWT application and the data we collect is stored only in a local file on the mobile device the user is using to access and use our application. The data contained within this file nor the file itself is stored anywhere but the user’s personal mobile device.

3.2	How we Share the Information we Collected
The data You choose to share with the ONWT application and the data we collect is not shared anywhere else or with any foreign (non-native) app entity (including servers or any third-party software).

4. How Long is the Information we Collected Stored for?
The data You choose to share with the ONWT application and the data we collect is stored only for as long as is necessary to provide users with the functionality and services the user requested and utilized. As all data is stored locally on the device, removing the ONWT application from Your device will clear all user data consisting of Your approximate user age and all Your financial responses. To clear all collected data, the user may do so immediately via the press of a button on the displayed net worth calculation screen to return to the home screen of the ONWT application.


